Add post-channel creation steps to Slack page (#1995)
writethedocs/www: docs/slack.rst

If you didn't see a channel that matches your interests, make sure to browse the complete channel list in Slack.

If you still can't find a suitable channel, you can propose a new channel.
We use this process to help channels succeed at creating discussion and introducing documentarians to others who share their interests.
To propose a channel:

#. Find two other people to cosponsor your channel idea.
   Ask in related channels to find people who share your interest.
#. Together, come up with a channel name and write a channel description.
#. Post in **#meta** requesting a channel.
   Be sure to share your proposed channel name, description, and to tag your cosponsors.
#. Start thinking about how to seed the new channel with discussion, with an open-ended question, a link to discuss, or a hot take.

> The Write the Docs moderation team will review your proposal to make sure the new channel will be active, durable, and won't duplicate or create confusion with another channel.

Author: Suggestion from https://github.com/writethedocs/www/pull/1995/files#r1306712473

```suggestion
The Write the Docs moderation team will review your proposal to make sure the new channel will remain active and won't duplicate or create confusion with another channel.
```

> Whenever possible, the moderators work with channel sponsors on improvements to the proposal.

Author: @janine-c what do you think of the revisions here? Following up on https://github.com/writethedocs/www/commit/be680b0c5f8eac050b9ab8b53c4259c19674abec#r122875538

Reviewer: Love it! I wonder if "durable" will confuse people - maybe "sustainable" might make more sense? Are we thinking about making sure that the channel will stay active/useful over time here?

Author: Yes, I could see that might be confusing. I was trying to capture the idea of "not temporary" (e.g., I don't want people suggesting channels that are for one-off events). A couple of alternatives might be:

- Long-lived
- Permanent
- Enduring

Or I could just omit it and go with "…active and won't duplicate…".

Any thoughts?

Reviewer: Yeah, maybe we could say something like "...the new channel will remain active and won't duplicate..."? I think that even when channels feel like they'll probably meet that criteria, we can't know if they'll be permanent, but I think that phrasing hits on the idea that we don't want to have a channel that's, say, only related to a single year's hackathon or anything like that.

Author: "Remain active" I like it, done! ✅

3. Post in **#meta** requesting a channel. Be sure to share your proposed channel name, description, and to tag your cosponsors.

The Write the Docs moderation team will review your proposal.
If your proposal is approved, then you and your consponsors must:

> #. Seed discussion in the new channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Make a best-effort to seed and maintain a cadence of conversation.
    For example, you can post questions once a week related to the channel topic and encourage others to participate, similar to how **#learn-tech-writing** contributors have done book clubs.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd like to set the bar to be "If you're going to start this up, you need to do more than show up at the beginning"

Author: We've had some questions in the past from folks who were worried they were taking on a permanent commitment by suggesting a channel (e.g., "do I have to moderate the channel, if I propose it?"). I think putting in a requirement like this might scare people off more than it would spur conversation.

   For example, ask an open-ended question, share a link to discuss, or post a hot take.
#. Make an announcement in **#general** and channels related to the new channel's topic.
   For example, if there's a new a channel for underwater basket weaving, then make an announcement like "Join us in #underwater-basket-weaving to discuss techniques, materials, and what to store in all these baskets."

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we add down here something to the effect of "Channels which remain largely empty or quiet may be closed by the Moderation team."

Author: I don't think we should make a threat we're probably never going to act on. I've never got myself together enough to do some relatively easy channel renaming. I just don't see the mod team actively _looking_ for empty channels to kill.
